

Goals:
	Qualitative difference between units. Get rid of 4 units that are all slightly better a different things, and instead have 3 units that all behave pretty differently.

	Avoid unit clumping where everyone piles all their units into one spot. Encourage spreading units around. Offers more interesting tactical situations for players to think on, as well as more interesting battles (when everyone clumps, the battles are all very similar, but with small numbers of units of varying types, it's harder to predict the outcome)

Background:
	This is a proxy war between two super powers who are off map. They can grant each team bonuses during certain situations.




General Rules:
	D6s - Has enough probability fidelity.
	Max 8 land / 5 sea units per hex AND Combat lasts 2 battle rounds unless otherwise stated. Prevents rediculously large amounts of units dying in one round. Encourages taking territory rather than clumping, and allows for more interesting unit compositions during battle.
	You cannot retreat from battle.
	Bombard - Instead of participating in a battle, shoot adjacent tiles during bombard phase. Does not require movement points.


Turn Phases:
	Foreign Aid (get 1 card)
	Purchase (use money to purchase stuff)
	Move (units move to a location)
	Bombard (units can make ranged attacks)
	Combat (x2 combat phases)
	Remaining Move
	Production (purchased units appear)





Units Attack, Defense, Cost:

	Sea
		Battleship 5,4,$10 - Bombard
		Destroyer 2,3,$6
		Carrier 2,2,$9 holds 2 units of any kind (not sea), or 1 bomber
		Nuclear Submarine 2,2,$9 - 1 Move. Surrounding all water of a land tile prevents it from generating money. Cannot attack or be attacked by aircraft. Can submerse at a location. 3 turns later, surfaces at any location within 5 sea spaces. Cannot surface sooner. Can submerse after first round of combat (unit is left in place).

	Air - (count as land units for unit counting purposes)
		Fighter 3,3,$9,5 - Can take an AA shot at 1 aircraft passing over itself per turn. Can cancel an enemy interdiction as its combat. Can relocate after enemy moves to aid in defense.
		Bomber 4,1,$12,7 - Cannot shoot aircraft. Can target Installations during combat phase. Can paradrop 2 infantry instead of shooting. Can bombard instead of attacking if it can fly over the target.

	Land
		Tank 3,2,5 - 2 Moves
		Inf 1,2,3
		Art 2,2,6 - Bombard

	Installations (buildings you can buy, may only be placed on cities)
		SAM Site - $7 - Once per round, may fire at 1 aircraft that passes within 1 space 3a.
		Naval Yard - $6 - Up to 2 naval units can be built on any adjacent water space.
		Factory - $6 - Up to 3 land units can be built on this space.

	Terrain (appear on map)
		Major City - Minor City effects + Defender can choose to have 1 less battle round. 1 VP.
		Minor City - Allows construction of Installations.
		Foreign Aid Point - Sometimes units from outside the map appear here.

		Naval HQ - Allows usage of Sea Foreign Aid cards.
		Airforce HQ - Allows usage of Land Foreign Aid cards.
		Army HQ - Allows usage of Air Foreign Aid cards.




Foreign Aid Cards [TYPE, Name, Play Phase, Description]:

	None
		Strategic Initiative - Any Combat - +2 battle rounds for this battle.
		Decoys - Enemy player captures a city - Their units retreat instead.
		Kamakazi - One of your aircraft is shot down under any circumstances - You may pick a target in the space to be destroyed.

	Sea
		Stealth Mission - Your Purchase - Relocate up to 3 submarines to any location(s).
		Foreign Aid - Your Purchase - A Battleship appears at a random foreign aid point.
		Foreign Aid - Your Purchase - Two destroyers appear at a random foreign aid point.
		Foreign Aid - Your Purchase - A Destroyer with 1 tank appears at a foreign aid point of your choice.
		Market - Your Purchase - This turn, Battleships -$2, Destroyers -$1.
		Tactical Nuke - Foreign Aid - Destroy target enemy installation within 2 spaces of one of your submarines.
		Cruise Missile - Any Time - Deal 1 damage to target adjacent to one of your submarines.
		Heavy Bombardment - Bombard - A battleship of your choice bombards a target 2 spaces away for double damage.

	Land
		Uprising - Your Turn - +4 Infantry on your team in any city that does not have enemy units, even enemy territory.
		National Guard - Production - Your production for this turn can appear in any city you control.
		Market - Your Purchase - This turn, Tanks and Artillery -$1.
		Tactical Nuke - Foreign Aid - Destroy target enemy installation within 3 spaces of one of your artillery.
		Precision Strike - Any Time - Deal 1 damage to target adjacent to one of your artillery.
		Fuel Depot - Your Move - Up to 5 tanks may move 3 this turn.


	Air
		Midair Refueling - Any Time - +6 range to 4 aircraft this turn.
		Black Ops - Any Combat - 3 aircraft of your choice appear in any battle this round. The battle must have 1 of your units initiate.
		High Tech Outfit - Any Time - Until your next round, all your owned aircraft attack/defense +1.
		Tactical Nuke - Foreign Aid - Destroy target enemy installation within 1 space of one of your bombers.
		Smart Bomb - Any Time - Deal 1 damage to target adjacent to one of your bombers.
		Secret Construction - Any Move - .




Tech:
	Battleships automatically hit on attack and defense.
	Bombers automatically hit on attack.
	Artillery attack and bombard for 3.
	Submarines can bombard.




End Game Scenarios
	When a player gets near losing for the first time, a large random event occurs that benefits the losing players.

	Nuclear War - Your benefactor has launched its strategic nuclear arsenal in a first strike against its enemy! Select 4 territories. These will have all units and installations removed.
	Coup d'etat - Pick 3 territories of enemy units. The owner of these units switches to you.
	Monetary Infusion - Gain $120.
	Advanced Tech - Your benefactor has granted you their latest warships. Gain 3 Super Battleships: 6,6,0,3. 3 hit points each. Bombard 2 away. At Foreign Aid Point(s) of your choice.
	UN Involvement - The United Nations has decided to become involved. Gain 2 battleships, 2 destroyers, 2 Carriers, 2 Fighters, and 2 Tanks at the Foreign Aid Point(s) of your choice.








